README.md, before:

# Rock Paper Scissors

Welcome to the Rock Paper Scissors Project! This project is a simple web-based implementation of a Rock, Paper, Scissors game, created as part of the Odin Project curriculum. The game is played entirely via the console and serves as an introductory exercise to JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.

## Project Structure

The project consists of the following files:

- `index.html`: The HTML file that serves as the entry point for the web page.
- `script.js`: The JavaScript file that contains the logic for the Rock, Paper, Scissors game.

## Features

- Randomly generates a computer choice (rock, paper, or scissors).
- Prompts the user for their choice.
- Plays a single round of Rock, Paper, Scissors.
- Keeps track of the scores for both the user and the computer.
- Plays 5 rounds and declares a winner based on the scores.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A web browser (Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/Rock-Paper-Scissors.git
   cd Rock-Paper-Scissors

Commit message:

Update JavaScript for UI interaction in Rock Paper Scissors game

README.md, after:

Here’s an updated version of your README file for the Rock Paper Scissors project, reflecting the changes made to implement a UI and update the game logic:

---

# Rock Paper Scissors

Welcome to the Rock Paper Scissors Project! This project is a simple web-based implementation of a Rock, Paper, Scissors game, created as part of the Odin Project curriculum. The game allows players to interact via buttons on a webpage rather than through console prompts.

## Project Structure

The project now includes the following files:

- `index.html`: The HTML file that serves as the entry point for the web page.
- `index.js`: The JavaScript file that contains the updated logic for the Rock, Paper, Scissors game with UI interaction.

## Updated Features

- Presents a UI with buttons for Rock, Paper, and Scissors.
- Dynamically updates the result and score display on the webpage.
- Removes the console-based interaction and replaces it with event-driven button clicks.
- Tracks scores and declares a winner once one player reaches 5 points.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A web browser (Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/Rock-Paper-Scissors.git
   cd Rock-Paper-Scissors
   ```

### Usage

1. Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser.
2. Click on the buttons for Rock, Paper, or Scissors to play a round.
3. The game will display the result of each round and update the score dynamically.
4. Continue playing until one player reaches 5 points, which will declare them as the winner.

### Author

- Christopher Njihia

### Acknowledgments

- This project was inspired by [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).
